remove db_name from rds module (#76)
THEY-Consulting/they-terraform: README.md

| Variable                | Type        | Description                                                                                      | Required | Default          |
| ----------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------- | ---------------- |

> | db_identifier           | string      | Unique name used to identify your database in the aws console                                    | no       | `"app"`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| db_identifier           | string      | Unique name used to identify your database in the aws console                                    | yes       | ``          |
```
